docs: update rls guide to use data api and postgrest (#3981)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/guides/neon-rls-tutorial.md

<NeonRLSDeprecation />

> In this tutorial, you'll create a notes app with **React.js** to demonstrate how PostgreSQL Row-Level Security (RLS) provides an additional security layer beyond application logic. The app will integrate with a Neon database via the Neon Data API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you'll clone and modify up a sample React.js note-taking app to demonstrate how Postgres Row-Level Security (RLS) provides an additional security layer beyond application logic. The app integrates with a Neon database via the Neon Data API.
```
